# Source Code Directory
This directory stores all of the code that is used during the project to perform the various required tasks. This ranges from loading in the data downloaded from Wyscout, preprocessing said data to fix quality issues and to extract out set piece sequences, performing feature engineering on that processed data, training clustering models with the engineered data, and creating visualizations that help analyze the performance of the model. See below for more information on each sub-directory and each of their contents.

Note that by running the `setup.py` script found in the root directory of this repository, all of the code found in this directory can be used in a local Python sub-module. To this on my machine, I used this [tutorial](https://medium.com/@rrfd/cookiecutter-data-science-organize-your-projects-atom-and-jupyter-2be7862f487e).

# Directory Contents and Organization
*(Use drop-down menus to see more information about each directory)*
<details>
<summary>1. <a href="https://github.com/gosebastian12/Set_Piece_Strategy/tree/main/src/data">data</a>: Directory where the source code that loads in and manipulates all the data used by this project lives.</summary>
  <ol>
      <ol>
      	<li><code>common_tasks.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that individually do not comprise a general category of functions, but are still used throughout the project and thus require being written in their own script.</li>
      	<li><code>data_loader.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that each load-in the different data files found in this repository that were either downloaded directly from Wyscout or were the result of data pre-processing/feature engineering.</li>
      	<li><code>feature_engineering.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that collectively perform all of the necessary calculations and transformations to the sequence data set that result in the features we use for model training.</li>
      	<li><code>set_piece_ending_checker.py</code>: This Python script contains functions that allow the user to determine how and when set piece sequences end.</li>
      	<li><code>set_piece_extractor.py</code>: This Python script contains functions that allow the use to take the raw Wyscout event-log data and obtain a collection of all of the set piece and their subsequent plays that are present in the data.</li>
      	<li><code>team_data.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that each perform tasks associated with the collecting and wrangling of the team-related data downloaded from Wyscout.</li>
      </ol>
  </ol>
</details>

<details>
<summary>2. <a href="https://github.com/gosebastian12/Set_Piece_Strategy/tree/main/src/models">models</a>: Directory where the source code that trains and saves clustering model lives.</summary>
  <ol>
      <ol>
      	<li><code>clustering.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that train all of the clustering algorithms used by this project.</li>
      </ol>
  </ol>
</details>

<details>
<summary>3. <a href="https://github.com/gosebastian12/Set_Piece_Strategy/tree/main/src/test">test</a>: Directory where the source code that validates functions inputs and results lives.</summary>
  <ol>
      <ol>
      	<li><code>input_parameter_validation.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that each perform tasks associated with the validation of different objects that the parameters of the various function found in the scripts of this project receive.</li>
      </ol>
  </ol>
</details>

<details>
<summary>4. <a href="https://github.com/gosebastian12/Set_Piece_Strategy/tree/main/src/test">visualizations</a>: Directory where the source code that validates functions inputs and results lives.</summary>
  <ol>
      <ol>
      	<li><code>basic_viz.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that are used for basic visualizations created and shown in the Jupyter Notebooks contained in this project.</li>
      	<li><code>cluster_bar_chart_prep.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that are used to perform all of the necessary computations to obtain the data that
      	will be displayed in a Plotly bar chart that is generated by the code in the `plotly_bar_chart` function that can be found in `basic_viz` script in this directory.</li>
      	<li><code>contour_position_prep.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that are used to help create a plot of contours that represent the density of sequences that either started or ended in that area of the field. This plot is generated for each cluster identified by the Machine Learning Cluster model chosen by the user to help determine what differentiates the clusters from each other.</li>
      	<li><code>pitch_plotting.py</code>: This Python script contains a collection of functions that are used for visualizations created that involve some sort of overlay on a soccer field which helps put the displayed data in its proper soccer context.</li>
      </ol>
  </ol>
</details>